feat(perf): Add Performance Metrics Docs for JavaScript (#5285)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/performance/instrumentation/performance-metrics.mdx

---
title: Performance Metrics
sidebar_order: 20
supported:
  - javascript
notSupported:
  - javascript.cordova
  - javascript.electron
  - react-native
  - dotnet
  - python
  - go
  - java
  - android
  - ruby
  - java.spring-boot
  - apple
  - unity
  - dart
  - flutter
  - rust
  - native
  - php
  - native.breakpad
  - native.crashpad
  - native.minidumps
  - unreal
  - native.wasm
description: "Learn how to attach performance metrics to your transactions."
---

> The Sentry SDK supports sending performance metrics data to Sentry. These are numeric values attached to transactions that are aggregated and displayed in Sentry.

Reviewer: avoid repetition

```suggestion
The SDK supports sending performance metrics data to Sentry. These are numeric values attached to transactions that are aggregated and displayed in Sentry.
```

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/automatic-performance-metrics" />

In addition to automatic performance metrics, the SDK supports setting custom performance metrics on transactions. This allows you to define metrics that are important to your application and send them to Sentry.

> To set a performance metric, supply a name (string), value (numeric - float, integer, etc.), and unit (string). Sentry supports adding arbitrary custom units, but we recommend using one of the [supported units listed below](./#supported-performance-metric-units).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set a performance metric, you need to supply the following:
- name (`string`)
- value (any numeric type - `float`, `integer`, etc.)
- unit (`string`, can be empty or the string `'none'`). 

Sentry supports adding arbitrary custom units, but we recommend using one of the [supported units listed below](./#supported-performance-metric-units).
```

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/custom-performance-metrics" />

## Supported Performance Metric Units

> Units augment metric values by giving them a magnitude and semantics. Sentry leverages units associated with performance metrics to apply built-in unit conversions and controls in the product. For values that are unitless, you can supply an empty string or `none`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Units augment metric values by giving meaning to what otherwise might be abstract numbers. Adding units also allows Sentry to offer controls - unit conversions, filters, etc. - based on those units. For values that are unitless, you can supply an empty string or `none`.
```

I am checking whether or not the "filters" bit there is true, and will update if necessary.

Reviewer 2: For some reason it's not letting me commit this suggestion. Going to resolve the convo and try again.

### Duration Units

> 
> A time duration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- `nanosecond`
- `microsecond`
- `millisecond`
- `second`
- `minute`
- `hour`
- `day`
- `week`

### Information Units

> Size of information derived from bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use these units to indicate the size of the information, derived from bytes:
```

> 
> Size of information derived from bytes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- `bit`
- `byte`
- `kilobyte`
- `kibibyte`
- `megabyte`
- `mebibyte`
- `gigabyte`
- `gibibyte`
- `terabyte`
- `tebibyte`
- `petabyte`
- `petabyte`
- `pebibyte`
- `exabyte`
- `exbibyte`

## Fraction Units

> 

Reviewer 2: I lean towards taking them out. Defining "time duration" as "a duration of time" feels... somehow unhelpful, LOL.

- `ratio`
- `percent`

> For those looking to explore further, details about the supported list of units can be found in our [event ingestion documentation](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_metrics/enum.MetricUnit.html).

Reviewer: Avoid passive voice and third person

```suggestion
If you want to explore further, you can find details about the supported list of units in our [event ingestion documentation](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_metrics/enum.MetricUnit.html).
```

> For those looking to explore further, details about the supported list of units can be found in our [event ingestion documentation](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_metrics/enum.MetricUnit.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to explore further, you can find details about supported units in our [event ingestion documentation](https://getsentry.github.io/relay/relay_metrics/enum.MetricUnit.html).
```

  - dotnet
  - python
  - go
  - java
  - android
  - ruby
  - java.spring-boot
  - apple
  - unity
  - dart
  - flutter
  - rust
  - native
  - php
  - native.breakpad
  - native.crashpad
  - native.minidumps
  - unreal
  - native.wasm
description: "Learn how to attach performance metrics to your transactions."
---

Sentry's SDKs support sending performance metrics data to Sentry. These are numeric values attached to transactions that are aggregated and displayed in Sentry.

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/automatic-performance-metrics" />

In addition to automatic performance metrics, the SDK supports setting custom performance metrics on transactions. This allows you to define metrics that are important to your application and send them to Sentry.

To set a performance metric, you need to supply the following:
- name (`string`)
- value (any numeric type - `float`, `integer`, etc.)
- unit (`string`, can be empty or the string `'none'`). 

Sentry supports adding arbitrary custom units, but we recommend using one of the [supported units listed below](./#supported-performance-metric-units).

<PlatformContent includePath="performance/custom-performance-metrics" />

> ## Supported Performance Metric Units

Reviewer 2: Adding this at the behest of @edwardgou-sentry.

```suggestion
<Alert level="warning" title="Note">

For the moment, unit conversion is only supported once the data has already been stored. This means that, for example, `('myMetric', 60, 'second')` and `('myMetric', 3, 'minute')` would not be aggregated, but rather stored as two separate metrics. To avoid this, make sure to use a consistent unit when recording a custom metric.

</Alert>

## Supported Performance Metric Units
```
